{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1/22/22 - Milo Bauman & Andrew Mappes\
______________________________________________________________________________________\
Planned Setlist: Gumbo>Shower Song, Deal, Expanding and Explaining, Mike\'92s Song (No Jam)>Free, Travelin\'92 Light, St. Stephen\
\
Actual Setlist: Gumbo [1] (3:09-6:04) > Shower Song [2] (6:22-14:54), Deal [3] (15:00-18:49) > Expanding and Explaining [4] (18:49-26:00) > Free [5] (26:00-29:24) > Expanding and Explaining [6] (29:24-31:45), Travelin\'92 Light [7] (32:08) > I Am Hydrogen [8] (35:59-37:50) > St. Stephen [9] (37:50-41:07)\
______________________________________________________________________________________\
Notes: \
Setlist altered from planned setlist. \
\
[1]\
\
[2] Spacey jam section, Andrew using his delay pedal. Sounds like it has several movements. \
\
[3] Milo takes solo\
\
[4] \
\
[5]\
\
[6]\
\
[7] Slow. \
\
[8] Andrew takes lead\
\
[9] Milo starts on D instead of E. Milo flubs vocals on bridge big time. \
______________________________________________________________________________________\
Reviews: \
Milo: it was a VERY good night for the jamming. Very poor night however, for any composed sections. Jam highlight for me was probably Shower Song, felt cool. \
EaE>Free>EaE was also a very good jam. \
I distinctly remember thinking during the Gumbo, thinking man I am way too high for this. Also thought that after Shower Song and Deal. But show went pretty well considering. \
Preshow songwriting brainstorm I thought was very productive. \
Gumbo was probably the cleanest composed section of the whole set. \
Shower Song soloing was pretty cool. I played the chords very poorly at times though.\
One of the worse St. Stephen\'92s in recent memory, but pretty funny. }