{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21900\viewh19080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7814\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 5/10/21 - Milo Bauman & Andrew Mappes\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
SET ONE: \
Althea [1] (0:03:00-0:11:50), Amie (0:12:22-0:16:39), *Band on the Run (0:17:27-21:28), *Beast of Burden (0:21:40-0:26:53), Bertha [2] (0:27:25-0:31:57), *Billy Breathes [3] (0:32:22-0:35:15), Bird Song [4] (0:35:43-0:40:36), *Bouncing Around the Room [5] (0:41:09-0:44:30), *Brokedown Palace (0:47:32-0:51:05), Casey Jones (0:51:31-0:55:23), Cassidy (0:56:10-1:02:03), Chalkdust Torture (1:02:35-1:07:44), \
\
[1] banter: Andrew wants to drink 1 beer between each song. That did not happen. Andrew takes a call. Decent run, but nothing special. Worth a listen. \
\
[2] not good, not terrible. Better than the bad ones, which is why it does not have a *\
\
[3] Guitars do not keep up with the chord changes, and it falls completely apart in the middle (around 0:34:32), but we pulled it back together and finish the song\
\
[4] abrupt ending\
\
[5] new song, I took the end solo. Didn\'92t go as bad as when we practiced \'af\\_(
\f1 \'a5\'c4
\f0 )_/\'af Andrew takes a call afterwards (Mr. Popularity over here) \
\
* Denotes songs that should probably be skipped because they are bad\
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
SET TWO: \
Andrew Led Warmup Jam (1:08:00)>Behind Blue Eyes (1:09:00-1:13:28), Milo Led Jam (1:13:50-1:21:11) [1], Milo's Jam Ctd. (1:21:20- 1:24:22)> Something weird idk (1:24:22-1:25:00), Tweezer/talking (1:25:25-1:26:10), Mike's Song (01:26:25-09:28:52)>Mike's Song Jam [2] (01:28:52-01:39:22)), Andrew led jam (1:39:23-1:46:09)>Jam [3] (01:46:09-1:51:00) , Gumbo [4] (1:51:00-1:55:13), Banter [5] (1:55:50), Siesta Key [6] (1:56:34-01:58:00), Siesta Key (1:58:02-2:02:00), Milo led Jam (2:02:15-2:03:40), banter [7] (2:03:35), You Can\'92t Always Get What You Want [8] (2:04:45-2:10:03), Road Trip [9] (2:10:15-2:20:10), Simple/banter (2:21:24), St. Stephen [10] (2:22:10-2:25:58), Horn (tease) [11] (2:25:58), severe audio corruption [12] (2:27:23-2:27:35)\
\
[1] Andrew does cool thing around 01:15:20. \
\
[2] with spacey sounding arpeggios\
\
[3] Cool chorus effect on Andrew\'92s guitar, kinda sets the tone for the jam. I had some pretty cool sounding stuff going on, then it sorta turns into mindless noodling after a while. It does get better again eventually though. \
\
[4] Andrew has chorus on, not an amazing run, but okay. \
\
[5] Andrew wonders what he was playing in the jam earlier, then concludes that he will figure it out later since it\'92s recorded \
\
[6] False start, devolves into Mike\'92s Song. Another false start, new tempo is picked\
\
[7] banter talking about Siesta Key, and critiquing it and swapping ideas\
\
[8] Jam I started while waiting for Andrew to set up his effects, he joins in. Banter at end, ASMR. New jam starts on my chord progression I made up during summer 2020. Andrew namedrops Underground Springhouse in a comparison. \
\
[9] Cool solo thing at 2:10:55-2:11:00. lovely Strat-y sounding chorus at the end\
\
[10] Best version of St. Stephen to date. \
\
[11] banter, Horn tease by Andrew\
\
[12] idk wtf happened here but it sounds very strange\
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
REVIEWS: \
Milo: Set one kinda sucked. Set two was great, lots of fun. Most of my thoughts are in the notes sections. \
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\
FORMATTING: \
\'93___ led jam\'94 refers to whoever sets the chord progression/feel of the song\
\
[x] next to a song title means that there is more info pertaining to the track below. \
\
Note: Timestamps are based off of the full 2:27:35 uncut laptop recording from GarageBand the corresponding timestamps fro Set One of phone recording will be roughly the same. The corresponding timestamps for Set Two will be roughly 1:07:54 off. }