{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh14940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 9/6/21 - Milo Bauman, Andrew Mappes, Jake Mappes, & Ned Dagenhard (FIRENZE)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ______________________________________________________________________________________\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SETLIST: \
Bird Song [1] (3:21:15-3:28:11) >St. Stephen [2] (3:28:11-3:32:14) >Mike\'92s Song [3] (3:32:14-3:38:58) >Ya Mar [4] (3:38:58-3:43:46), Shower Song [5] (3:45:16-3:50:06), Weakapaug Groove [6] (3:50:20-3:50:25), Gumbo [7] (3:51:15-3:56:11)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ______________________________________________________________________________________\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 NOTES: \
From MapFest 2021. Recorded from a laptop at the soundboard, not direct from soundboard. Andrew\'92s guitar is hard to hear during the second half of the set. \
\
[1] Took a while to get going. Andrew waited too long to come back in on the 1st/2nd verse and so Milo came in early (as had been practiced in the month leading up to this). Andrew\'92s solo can be heard pretty well here. Good solo. Jake Mappes sings harmony on chorus. (3:25:21): discussion of the soundboard levels. \
\
[2] Some flubbed lyrics here and there, but cool sounding nonetheless. \
\
[3] Some good crowd reactions. \
\
[4] Dedications afterwards. \
\
[5] First time performed live for an audience. Contained false ending. \
\
[6] Tease. \
\
[7] Jake Mappes plays the solo, Milo switches to wah-rhythm guitar to differentiate his sound from Andrew;s, but Andrew is pretty lost in the mix here so it didn\'92t really matter anyways. Contained thank you. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ______________________________________________________________________________________\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 REVIEWS: \
\'93They\'92re fucking killing it dude!\'94\
 - Michael Mappes\
\
Milo: Really happy with this performance, A few iffy moments, but overall really quite good. Mike\'92s Song [3] solo may be a bit wah heavy and noodles a fair bit, but there\'92s a nice groove at points. Shower Song [5] was a very clean run. Gumbo [6] may be the best song we did the whole time. I remember during Bird Song [1] Jake Weitzel came up to me and told me to turn down and Andrew to turn up lol, but I told him to tell Michael Mappes, who was at the soundboard. }