{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2/3/22 - Milo Bauman & Andrew Mappes\
\
Setlist: Chalkdust Torture (00:20-12:36) [1] > Bird Song (12:36-) [2] , Ya Mar [3] , Mike\'92s Song [4]\
\
Notes: \
[1] Milo takes leads. Guitar solo in intro, (2:48-4:53) (5:50(?)-8:40(?)) At 7:40ish Andrew thinks about taking it to Space, but Milo reels it back in for a return from the solo. Into Milo led riff jam at 8:46. Milo takes lead again at 10:12. \
\
[2] Andrew takes leads. \
\
[3] Milo takes leads. \
\
[4] Milo takes leads. \
\
Reviews: \
Milo: Awesome CDT. Really good soloing imo. I actually played the solos in Em instead of E major like I normally do. Sounds interesting? Anyways, best CDT to date. Jam afterwards is pretty awesome as well. \
Bird Song was standard. \
Ya Mar was not great, but after that CDT, it\'92s hard to complain. \
Mike\'92s Song was fun. Again, not a standout version though.  \
Andrew: 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CDT: Best one yet. Milo transitions into solos were very very smooth. Went spacey for a bit but we got back into CDT progression after holding on A and crescendoing back. We didn't say anything to each other but were on the same page which means we were listening which is a really good thing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Bird: Bird went well. Ended up flubbing lyrics for the second verse's first line. I thought my little lead work before the chorus was pretty good. Quality performance but for Bird Song that's pretty standard for us these days.\
Y(E)Mar: Felt pretty slow tbh. Lyrics are hard and we stopped being on the same page which was a bummer after CDT and Bird both going splendidly.\
Kyle: Goofy version but the intro kinda hits ngl... Jam was neat. Milo came up with something on F#m when it first started but it's better for him to solo so I figured it out and started playing it so he could solo. Once again, pretty good on the communication side of music implies that we are both listening to each other. I don't know if Milo noticed, but our audience actually listened to this one and I think they liked it. Kinda changed the vibe since we were "performing" this one versus being background noise.. Idk, that may just be a me thought.\
Overall: Good stuff minus Ya Mar. Hopefully we can get back into playing more than once or twice a week.}