{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2/10/22 - Milo Bauman & Andrew Mappes\
\
Planned Setlist: Sample in a Jar, On My Way (OMW) > Travelin\'92 Light > Mike\'92s Groove > Mike\'92s Song > Coming Down > Take You To Space > Space > Free > Digital Delay Loop Jam > Kyle\
\
Setlist: Space/Digital Delay Loop Jam, Sample in a Jar, On My Way (OMW) > Travelin\'92 Light > Mike\'92s Groove > Mike\'92s Song > Coming Down\
\
Notes\
\
Reviews: \
Milo: \
not a half bad sample tbh. \
Deal was pretty fun, I think it had a pretty good jam as far as I remember\
On my way was sick, I like this song a lot. Good jam to TL\
Travelin light was a HEATER. Just really awesome jams. \
Mike\'92s stuff was really cool. Kinda ended up having two mike\'92s-like jams here. One before and one after mike\'92s song proper. \
Coming down was cool, and a good way to end the night. \
Overall: Good show, fun night\
\
Andrew: Edible hit as we progressed. I am high. Hooray. On My Way went really well and travelin\'92 > mikes was lit. Coming down flubbed lyrics. Pretty creative stuff from me all together. Communication was good. Now we\'92re listening to Weekapaug Groove and it\'92s loud and good. Hope to go to Peach Fest and eat lots of tasty brownies. Cheers. \
\
WG from that show one after the shoreline show that Andrew listened to recently. Think it was the one that busted fee\
Milo here! Wooooweeee what a WG jam man! }