{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2/23/22 - Milo Bauman & Andrew Mappes\
\
Setlist: Jam [1] (1:30-7:40) > On Magnolia [2] (7:40-14:35)  , Slave to the Traffic Light [3] (14:40-23:22) > On My Way [4] (23:23-29:03) ,  Gumbo [5] (29:15-36:15) > Shower Song [6] (36:15-40:20) > Jam [7] (40:20-) > Mr. Charlie (44:20-48:38) [8]\
\
Notes: \
\
[1] Preceeded by tuning.warm up. Sample in a Jar and Reba are teased. Reba jam until 5:40. \
\
[3] Milo takes solo. \
\
[5] Starts out with a Jam. Actually starts at 30:06. Milo vocals very faint. Andrew takes main solo. Milo solos after main song for jam into Shower Song. \
\
Reviews: \
Milo: \
best (recorded) slave so far. I was so sweaty by the end of it though lol. Had to stop playing to take off my jean jacket. \
\
Andrew: 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Songs:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 On Magnolia\
Went well. I could work on tuning my low notes a bit better but who's counting. Lead work was pretty and synchronized well with vocals and chords... most notably the last "On Magnolia" to the slow section to end the song.\
Slave\
Very pretty slave. Some work needed on Em D and C section before big jam. Could really use a Page McConnell lol\
On My Way\
Sleeper of the night. This song was straight bussin'. I wonder if we could get some harmonious harmonies on the chorus\
Gumbo\
Gumbo was good. Pretty standard. Transition to Shower Song seemed a little forced but it 'twas a good Gumbo. Lead for me went okay, got something cooking look good!\
Shower Song\
Good jams, if we do add a quick little instrumental section between verses (which would be great and would break up the verses) it would need to be <25 seconds or so. Went type two. When I was playing Db7 Milo was playing some other key and it felt crunchy and eerie and it was awesome. I was thinking about what song we could do from here and Arcadia (since it also starts Db7) would've been perfect but we haven't worked on that one enough.\
Mr. Charlie\
Segue to Mr. Charlie was a little rough but I somehow remembered all the vocals which is no small feat haha. Good way to end a good night\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf3 \cb4 \
}