{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11600\viewh19160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 8/29/21 - Milo Bauman & Andrew Mappes\
______________________________________________________________________________________\
SET ONE:\
Jam (1) [1] (00:56-6:12) > Franklin\'92s Tower [2] (6:12-13:24), Short thing [3] (14:58-15:20), Jam (2) [4] (16:00-24:13) > Jam (3) [5] (24:18-30:07), Shower Song [6] (30:09), Jam (4) [7] (35:25-44:35 )> Jam (5) [8] (44:37-49:19),  Mike\'92s Song [9] (44:32-56:25) > Ya Mar [10] (56:27-1:01:01), Wharf Rat [11] (1:06:40-1:13:03) > St. Stephen [12] (1:13:03-1:16:35))\
______________________________________________________________________________________\
NOTES:\
\
[1] vacuum sucks jam. Starts with a riff thing from Milo. Andrew plays chords. Then it turns into just chords from Milo just before 2:00 and becomes Milo solo around 2:15. \
\
[2] Milo wah solo start around 8:40, ends at 9:58. Andrew solo at 10:40-11:51. Andrew plays outro at 13:15ish, but Milo gets the final note. \
\
[3] Milo mess around. \
\
[4] Andrew makes one up. 17:35ish kinda cool. Wah on around 17:44. Pretty drastic tempo change at 18:06. 20:46-21:15 pretty cool. Riff changes around 21:22. Andrew wah on around 22:15. 22:50 weird wah thing. Milo gets on that around 22:25. \
\
[5] Milo riff. Wah on at 25:09. 26:28 was cool, calms down a bit, but then gets rowdy again. 27:30-28:36 cool as fuck. 28:37 abrupt calm down. 29:23 slows down and calms down. 29:40 loses the distortion of Milo\'92s guitar. Andrew playing bass notes and it ends. \
\
[6] Much more exploratory intro solo. No guitar lick in beginning. Messed up lick in outro. Some talk of how Andrew will signal afterwards. \
\
[7] Andrew was tuning while Milo messed around with a riff. This recording shows why the laptop shouldn\'92t be set on my guitar case lol. Starts getting much more interesting by 38:21. After 39:19 it turns to full on Milo soloing with Andrew playing rhythm. Andrew wah on at 39:51. Milo wah on at 41:32. Milo wah off at 41:46. Andrew wah off at 42:08. \
\
[8] Sorta somber chord progression. \
\
[9] Andrew wishes we\'92d held the note. Jam starts at 52:15. \
\
[10] Decent Ya Mar. Andrew flubs lyrics in 1st verse, Milo flubs in 2nd. Great cutoff. Vocals sound TOIGHT. Speeds up a TON. \
\
[11] Good transition to St. Stephen. \
\
SHOW NOTES: \
Phone audio is cut into two parts (Madison called me). These times are relative to the laptop version. \
______________________________________________________________________________________\
REVIEWS: \
Milo: Very good jam day. Mostly improv stuff, but some setlist stuff interspersed throughout. I thought we had some cool soloing. \
I liked my second rhythm guitar part in Franklin\'92s Tower. My vocals weren\'92t very good on it though. I think my Franklin\'92s Tower solo had something left to give, but Andrew cut me off (with his foot). \
Jam (2) has some decent wah moments, but it doesn\'92t particularly stand out for the most part, though there are some highlights. \
For Jam (3), I don\'92t know why but I just felt the need to immediately come in with a rocklike riff. I like Jam (3) a lot. Bit of a pager in the riff department. \
I like my shower song soloing. Good version. \
Jam 4 had a cool riff. Too much bass and it messed up the recording because of the hollow surface the laptop was set upon. Sounded like Andrew had already come up with this and pulled it out. \
Certainly one of the better Mike\'92s Song jams in recent days. Andrew had some good backup on that one and I felt like I rocked a few jams (including a bit in Mike\'92s). A couple rough spots, but overall good sounding rock guitar jamming from me and Andrew changes up the rhythm to add some texture. Some pretty tasteful wah throughout. \
Also very good Ya Mar, although it did speed up quite a bit. At times, the vocals do sound amazing. \
Wharf Rat nothing to write home about, but went okay. \
St. Stephen was good! Subpar Milo guitar solo, but good vocals. \
Overall: I felt pretty good about it. Several mistakes on my part, but creatively speaking, I had lots of interesting ideas, even if I couldn\'92t execute some of them as I wanted to. \
\
Andrew: \
First jam: delay effect on rhythm was neat and you played off it well. I distinctly remember wanting to play slave to the traffic light but franklins tower happened instead lol\
\
Franklins: Build and transition to franklins was good. Actually super solid. Wish I knew the lyrics better so we could get to singing quicker. Liked the harmony on the chorus you were giving, I imagine it went away when you were trying to channel your inner Bobby haha. Solo around 9 minute mark is fucking solid. Peak was nice.\
My solo around 11 min mark wasn\'92t too bad. Pretty sure it was the best I did all night. 12:40 harmony comes back yay for harmony (I need the help esp on franklins) \'97\'97\'97 I will vow to learn the actual chords for that ending lol\
\
2nd jam: you can add silver bean tease in there after the drastic tempo change. I eventually got into some pretty cool stuff rhythmically.. took a minute though. I like the wah tempo I was doing near the end.\
\
3rd jam: solo meh. Dynamics weren\'92t bad so that means we were listening to each other (more you listening to me since I was driving a decrescendo). Build was good, when you switched to wah i felt build needed to start over (around 27 minute mark) so we did but I don\'92t think a real peak ever took place. Nice job on going back to original chord progression/dynamics as a recall. My opinionated ass thinks it shoulda ended pretty early after the recall.. hints the bass notes and forcing a slow down\
\
Shower song:\
Low key liked the no intro lick in the beginning. Maybe find in the middle jam and come back to in the end? Idk we can test it out. Don\'92t know what my high ass was doing around 32:00 lol. Cut off good. Think the bridge went a little fast or we sped up somewhere. \
\
Jam starting at 42:00 was a thing jake wrote when he was like 14. It kinda holds up haha. Wah pedal as lead on it was cool. Ending was tight.\
\
44:41 jam- thought you were gonna do prince caspian ngl. Takes me a min to get going as per the usual. Playing w octaves around 46:30 and lead there sounds pretty good. Trying my best to follow around 47:00, not doing too spectacular. I think was onto something w the Mike\'92s transition \
\
Mikes: tricky rhythm was actually pretty solid. Me on \'93wah dynamics\'94 as I\'92ll call em was cool around 53:30. Your lick was nice around 54:00. You should turn yourself up especially on the D->E->F#m\
\
Ya Mar: I tried looping that bass part but was certainly not loud enough cause we didn\'92t play w it (maybe that\'92s bc I starting singing your part lol). Harmonies were ehh at worst and good at best. Good and bad moments harmony wise. My solo was surprisingly good in this one .. imagine that. I can\'92t remember if you queued me the end but it sounds like I wasn\'92t ready even though we stopped playing at the same time. Like my stop was abrupt.\
\
Wharf Rat: sounds like we haven\'92t played wharf rat in a while lol. Vocals struggled.. good job andrew. We took it too fast. Quick solo around 1:11 was pretty good. \
\
Stevie boy: intro was okay.. it would probably benefit us to have you learn the intro chords. They\'92re on the internet somewhere. I spent the afternoon memorizing the opening lead. My voice was dying near the end}